# NFT
Blockchain-based social aid donation system and the operation of NFTs.

CREATION OF A CONTENT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM WHERE ROYALTIES OBTAINED FROM NFT EXCHANGES ARE USED TO ENCOURAGE ART, CULTURE, MUSIC AND ENTERTAINMENT SO THAT, THROUGH A SOCIAL FOUNDATION, PROFESSIONALS CAN EXPOSE THEIR IDEAS AND PROJECTS ARTISTICS THAT WILL BE INTERCHANGEABLE OR COULD BE AUCTIONED SO THAT A % OF WHAT THE ROYALTIES GENERATE CAN BE DONATED FOR CULTURAL, SOCIAL OR PROFESSIONAL HELP OF THE WORKERS.

 DEVELOPMENT IS INSPIRED BY DEMOCRATIC SYSTEMS AND THE CONSERVATION OF URBAN CULTURE IN SOCIETIES AND HOW NEW TECHNOLOGIES LIKE BLOCKCHAIN ​​ALLOW NEW SOLUTIONS FOR SOCIETY.

 IN VIEW OF
 PROJECTS
 The Foundation certifies music industry professionals and recognizes their contribution through NFTs and blockchain networks to urban culture.
 The talent of all those who are involved in the industry will be awarded with the intention of verifying that urban art and music maintain quality through the years and decades.
 This new business model that seeks to decentralize aspects of the music industry and urban culture, which in parallel with the traditional model will seek to provide support, stability and a better quality of life to those who make up the show and entertainment industry.
 NFTs and contracts in cryptocurrencies are current tools that, if applied to the current music industry model, do not affect or cause conflict, and that is achieved only with the generation of new ideas.
 This proposed business model is primarily social in nature, an intention to transparently record human talent across space and time through smart contracts, collections of NFTs, and copyright custody of human-managed content. certified that will be in charge of registering in the blockchains the projects that will be awarded with the crypto currencies generated by the exchanges and the NFT auctions.  The projects selected through the votes of the certified professionals will be awarded proportionally from all the proceeds among those who submitted content in time to be registered in the blockchains.
 The intention of the Foundation is not to compete with the businesses of the music and entertainment industry, the Foundation only under a decentralized system will offer professionals and artists the option of being part of the registry of human artistic talent through various platforms and applications with which they interact with the contracts of the blockchains.
 The business model with a social and cultural character is, in one way or another, a responsibility and an honor.  Being part of a database is possibly the goal of all those who make up the industry and I don't see how with or without a monetary prize there is no participation.
 A project based on the business model with crypto currencies and NFTs for industry professionals is necessary as well as being a good project to test and approve these new technologies that could be applied globally.
 The Proposal is to implement the project in the testnet and later in the mainnet network of the blockchains with which the interface of the certificates can be developed and the data of each of them can be linked.
 The business model that is proposed, although in the eyes of many, the main objective, which is to ensure the quality of the music and entertainment industry, as well as those who make a living from it, and that the content they develop meets certain quality parameters, will also provide percentages of royalties to social causes selected by the certificates and your vote.
 The custody of the keys of the wallets where the contents of the certified members will be will have from 12 to 24 words and a maximum of 48 certified members that would be the 24 custodians of the 24 words plus 24 substitutes that will replace any of the 24 that sign in If you can't sign.
 This format of security and decentralization of the keys to carry out transactions does not necessarily have to be like this... alliances can be sought with cold wallet and hardware companies so that they are the professionals who are in charge of advising on security issues.  In this case, the collaboration could be a form of exchange where elGENEROurbano would decide whether to pay for this type of professional services with royalties or with advertising and marketing services by certified members.

 The Foundation will open an auction where global insurers will be invited to submit a proposal to provide protection services to NFTs in case of theft or fraud and thus give members peace of mind.
 This is one of the aspects that members must keep in mind, this model of social interest that mainly seeks to register and recognize those who are part of the urban music industry as it is in this case, allows seeking alliances with companies in the same way democratic either by auctions to the highest bidder or by direct voting.  Any company that wants or can exchange with the Foundation or with the members will have the option to do so through the contracts in the blockchains of the members or that of the Foundation.

 Cultural education is essential for society and social assistance has always been part of the life of a public figure, the Foundation bears this in mind and provides them with a platform where they can promote their social projects under the transparency provided by blockchain-based technologies. .

 This project proposal that is presented is for the knowledge where the problems presented by many industries related to society, Urbanism and urban culture become evident even for the fans who should be the last to find out about these problems, many would say.
 This model of humanist Foundation that seeks to verify that the urban music industry and that the guild that recognizes the contribution and human talent through generations.
 These acknowledgments do not have any negative intention nor do they seek to be associated with similar existing projects or those to come, on the contrary, the project is a proposal based on the spirit with which blockchain and digital currency solutions are created, where these issues are currently common. in the community and urban society.
 When the members and the voting system already have access through a dapp, the contracts and wallets will be able to interact to do the auctions and the exchanges of the NFTs.

  Airdrop tokens will be distributed through the Foundation that will be related to interchangeable services and products that also allow access to promotions.

 I would like to express that the talent, culture and traditions of our societies must endure over time.  A very small % of humanity is made up of people with abilities and who use to entertain that enormous % that does not have that kind of talent.

 Reach every home and have the option of finding out about current urban culture through certified communicators who will provide verified information through contracts and wallets.

 To honor the memory of referral systems that have been successful in many other blockchain projects, we will seek to implement a % reward for member referrals and the transactions they make.

 The certifications will also have several types depending on the type of entertainment or professional, in the case of the production of content that contains a collaboration considered international, both must have certification, this type of certification will provide international professionals with benefits and alliances with the urban industry .

 An aspect of great importance for the Foundation is to be able to bring high-quality musical and entertainment shows to people and places with difficult access, which will be financed by royalties, staking and various funds generated for social help.

 The entertainment centers where the product reaches the final consumer will be recognized for the contribution they make to the industry and they will be incorporated and have a voice through voting to support economic and social growth where artists and other professionals will provide them with a platform where to exhibit and promote urban tourism where the best will be recognized.

 elGENEROurbano will recognize the contribution of bitcoiners who with their contributions make a difference in urban society.

 The Foundation is clear about aspects of urban culture that must be recognized and one of these is hemp-based products, primarily in the health and recreation industry.

 And if necessary and possible, the Foundation can even recognize the work that developers and white bunnies do in society.  But very seriously, it seeks to recognize those blockchain projects that deserve to be awarded.

 Talking about how the Foundation works and what it aspires to.  The human being and the quality of life that he has affects the creativity and the art that he develops.  This aspect is a problem in the industry to which the proposal is directed, the quality of life is reflected in the quality of art and entertainment that reaches the consumer.  This proposed format seeks to see the quality of life reflected in the quality of production that it wants to bring to the world.
 At the Foundation we aspire to be able to coordinate with industry sectors a convention that brings together all those companies, services and products that urban culture consumes.
 For a few days the Foundation hopes to bring together the industry so that certified members have first-hand access and through the Foundation to be able to have alliances that provide professionals with contracts with the different industries that will be part of elGENEROurbano, its members and their social projects that Foundation will support.
 It seeks to give these brands a platform where they can be monetized through certified members.  Likewise, seek that these members support the social causes of the brands with which contracts are developed.
 The ideal is that the convention is the event where professionals present their audiovisual projects that will seek to be recognized and at the same time present the most important projects that will be awarded thanks to the democratic vote through the dapp where the votes will be carried out through their wallets and your signature.

 To be continue...

 The architecture of the dapp and its functions have been designed to be easy to use, however the voting system will be a reference for other similar projects.
 The apps are tools aimed at specific functions and prevent the functions from generating confusion within the app, that is why the voting system and other functions have their own dapp with the intention that the certified NFT member does not have complications. use of the user interface.
 The voting dapp will only have the voting system of the songs or videos participating in the collection.
 Other dapps will be in charge of linking members and the general public to wallet contracts.
 The Foundation receives the projects that will be part of the collections, which will be published and the funds they raise will be frozen until the awards are passed. Subsequently, the projects and what they generate will be sent to the artists' wallets automatically, where they will decide which wallets they will send to. the royalties they generate over time.
 This means that the Foundation is interested in the copyright being returned to the professionals, however the Foundation will provide them with options where those rights are donated in whole or in part to the Foundation and its social projects.

 If the collection to be awarded is the trap song of the year, the professionals will send the song to the Foundation to be published in the collection that the artist wishes to participate in or there are also several options where the artist and the Foundation jointly manage the content where They will define aspects such as the value of the exchange or whether or not it has reserves in the auctions or direct sale to the public or to specific wallets.  It seeks to simplify legal and rights aspects through specific standard contracts that simplify legal procedures in order to avoid professional expenses that require lawyers, it also seeks the implementation of smart contracts that streamline confidentiality and copyright agreements between members. certificates, the Foundation and those people or companies that interact with the contents.
 Although the development takes some time to execute in its entirety, the main thing for the Foundation is to be able to bring the democratic system to the industry and certified members can exercise the vote so that the recognition of those projects that deserve it is granted by the professionals and artists themselves. , which are certainly the ones with the knowledge, experience and criteria to define who should be rewarded for their contributions to the industry.

 It will seek to democratize the currency options with which they can through Foundation contracts or even contracts with exchange entities to cover the cost of acquiring the NFTs with the different options that exist in the different l
 Blockchains.
 The Foundation encourages blockchain projects and developments that consider supporting social, cultural and professional causes with donations that will be chosen and presented publicly through voting.  It is important to incorporate professionals in blockchain and security technologies to verify that the processes in the contracts and blockchains carried out by certified members in conjunction with the Foundation.
 The intention is to work under a decentralized system that will verify donations and social aid where the royalties from the collections that are donated will be in the accounting books so that people or institutions can see the transparency of the transactions and see where and how they are donated funds are spent.

 The Foundation will enable a dapp platform where it will offer them the option of making available the distribution of certified tickets in NFT format to the events or concerts that they carry out for those who acquire it through the Foundation, the collectible of the Foundation will remain in their wallets. 

COLLECTIONS CONTENT OF information and dissemination

 The content of the collections for those communication professionals who support the Foundation will be through various NFTs certificates that give them access to various activities and privileges.
 These certificates are acquired through auctions, bidding, votes of certified members.  Members who want to include a certificate of endorsement on content they develop outside of the Foundation will be able to do so through contracts on the dapp and will be able to convert it to NFT format for verification and disclosure by member industry communicators and disseminators.
 Communicators and disseminators with knowledge of the themes of the collections are a fundamental part of the Foundation.  A contract is enabled where a specific NFT will give you access to record and document the artist or professional to generate exclusive content for the Foundation.
 This content works in the same way as musical NFTs where the best content developed by communicators and promoters will be rewarded.
 The right to vote and the right to free opinion will be protected and promoted in the collections that are developed and it is not sought to degrade or develop a platform that generates conflicts between members, for this, measures will be taken such as leaving only a certain number of members visible. winners in the lists of the collections with the intention of not generating ridicule or emotional conflicts that generate any sport or situation where competition is the basis of NFT development.
 The artists that are visible will be those that make up the main events in the different countries and regions.
 NFT certified members in the collections of discos, nightclubs, events, concerts or festivals will have the privilege to participate in the auctions, bids, offers, donations and other privileges that the Foundation carries out with the content of the artists and the smart contracts for offer shows or face-to-face or digital.
 Members will be supported through contracts to create the content they need in NFT format and will be helped to promote it.
 The Foundation seeks to generate several investment funds so that in each area of ​​the professionals that make up the urban music and entertainment industry, specific donations or systems are provided that help others who are not members, such as the contracts offered by the loan fund so that new professionals are trained.
 If one of the certified members, for example, wants to study music or any person who applies for a scholarship, support will be provided through the fund developed in blockchain as many education funding institutions currently work but totally transparent and public access based on the systems accounting offered by blockchains.

#nft #blockchain
 NFT collection for national parks

 The projects that I present to you are Blockchain tools that solve the current problems that institutions face in their accounting and data records.
 In this case, the problem lies in the control of what is collected from the entrance fees to our national and international parks and the funds that are donated to these institutions or organizations.
 The current donation system is only affected by the distrust of those who can donate because they have no idea where, for what and how the donated funds were used.  Donations could increase significantly if the donation control system were decentralized, transparent and public, at a minimum the donor should have access to that information.
 Proposing this development of blockchain-based donation systems and tools through a Foundation of a social nature that seeks to test and approve these new solutions that could be applied globally through these technologies.
 Creating a dapp where you will find collections of NFTs with tickets to our national and international parks and contracts with all the information that you can acquire through many exchange systems, a platform where you can register and collect these certified NFTs which will serve to Let everyone who has or has not acquired NFTs observe the collections and the transfers and exchanges that are made every day.
 On the platform you will also find a donation system where those who want to donate can do so by acquiring an NFT that may or may not contain some audiovisual content from the Foundation and that will give the donor the peace of mind that what they donated will be used for what they donate. that the donation collection was created.

 To be continue...
.....................
Sistema de donaciones de ayuda social basados en blockchains y el funcionamiento de los NFTs. 

CREACION DE UN SISTEMA DE GESTIÓN DE CONTENIDOS DONDE LAS REGALIAS OBTENIDAS POR LOS INTERCAMBIOS DE LOS NFT SON UTILIZADAS PARA INCENTIVAR EL ARTE, LA CULTURA, LA MUSICA Y EL ENTRETENIMIENTO PARA QUE ATRAVEZ DE UNA FUNDACION DE CARÁCTER SOCIAL PUEDAN LOS PROFESIONALES EXPONER SUS IDEAS Y PROYECTOS ARTÍSTICOS QUE SERAN INTERCAMBIABLES O SE PODRIAN SUBASTAR PARA QUE UN % DE LO QUE GENEREN LAS REGALIAS SE PUEDA DONAR PARA AYUDA CULTURAL, SOCIAL O PROFESIONAL DE LOS TRABAJADORES.

EL DESARROLLO ESTA INSPIRADO EN LOS SISTEMAS DEMOCRÁTICOS Y LA CONSERVACION DE LA CULTURA URBANA EN LAS SOCIEDADES Y COMO LAS NUEVAS TECNOLOGÍAS COMO BLOCKCHAIN PERMITEN NUEVAS SOLUCIONES PARA LA SOCIEDAD.

ANTE
PROYECTOS

La Fundación Certifica los profesonales de la industria de la música y reconoce su aporte por medio de los NFTs y las redes blockchain a la cultura urbana. 
El talento de todos aquellos que se ven involucrados en la industria sera premiados con la intención de verificar que el arte y la musica urbana mantenga la calidad atravez de los años y las décadas.
Este nuevo modelo de negocio que busca descentralizar aspectos de la industria músical y la cultura urbana, que paralelamente con el modelo tradicional buscará dar soporte, estabilidad y una mejor calidad de vida a quienes conforman la industria del espectáculo y el entretenimiento.
Los NFT y los contratos en criptos divisas, son herramientas actuales que si aplicadas al modelo de la industria musical actual no afecte o cause conflicto y eso se logra solamente con la generación de nuevas ideas. 
Este modelo de negocio que se propone es primordialmente de carácter social, una intención de registrar transparentemente el talento humano a través del espacio y el tiempo por medio de contratos inteligentes, colecciones de NFTs y la custodia de los derechos de autor del contenido administrado por personas certificadas que  se encargarán de registrar en las blockchains los proyectos que serán premiados con las cryptos divisas generadas por los intercambios y las subastas los NFTs. Los proyectos seleccionados por medio de los votos de los profesionales certificados se premiarán proporcionalmente de todo lo recaudado entre los que presentaron contenido a tiempo para ser registrado en las blockchains.
La intención de la Fundación no es competir con los negocios de la industria musical y del entretenimiento, la Fundación únicamente bajo un sistema descentralizado le brindará a los profesionales y artistas la opción de ser parte del registro del talento artístico humano a través de varias plataformas y aplicaciones con las que interactuaran con los contratos de las blockchains.
El modelo de negocio con carácter social y cultural es una de una u otra forma una responsabilidad y un honor. Ser parte de una base de datos es posiblemente la meta de todos los que integran la industria y no veo como con o sin un premio monetario no haya participación.
Un proyecto basado en el modelo de negocios con crypto divisas y NFTs para los profesionales de la industria es necesario además de ser un buen proyecto para probar y aprobar estas nuevas tecnologías que se podrían aplicar globalmente.
La Propuesta es implementar el proyecto en la testnet y posteriormente en la mainnet network de las blockchains con las que se pueda desarrollar la interfaz de los certificados y enlazar los datos de cada uno de ellos.
El modelo de negocio que se propone aunque ante muchos podria ser innecesario el objetivo principal que es velar por la calidad de la industria musical y del entretenimiento además de quienes viven de ella y que el contenido que desarrollan cumpla ciertos parámetros de calidad también aportará porcentajes de las regalías a causas sociales seleccionados por los certificados y su voto.
La custodia de las claves de las billeteras donde estarán los contenidos de los miembros certificados tendrán de 12 a 24 palabras y un máximo de 48 miembros certificados que serían los 24 custodios de las 24 palabras más 24 suplentes que remplazaran alguno de los 24 que firman en caso de no poder firmar. 
Este formato de seguridad y descentralización de las claves para realizar transacciónes no tiene que ser necesariamente así... se puede buscar alianzas con las empresas de billetera frías y de hardware para que sean los profesionales que se encarguen de asesorar en los temas de seguridad. En este caso la colaboración podría ser una forma de intercambio donde elGENEROurbano decidiría si paga este tipo de servicios profesionales con las regalías o con servicios de publicidad y mercadeo por parte de los miembros certificados.

La Fundación abrirá una subasta donde se les invitará a las aseguradoras mundiales a que presenten una propuesta para brindarle servicios de protección a los NFTs en caso de robo o estafas y así darle a los miembros paz mental.
Este es uno de los aspectos que los miembros deben tener presente, este modelo de interés social que busca principalmente registrar y reconocer a los que forman parte de la industria musical urbana como lo es en este caso, permite buscar alianzas con las empresas del mismo modo democrático ya sean por subastas al mejor postor o por medio del voto directo. Toda empresa que quiera o pueda hacer intercambios con la Fundación o con los miembros tendrá la opción de hacerlo atravez de los contratos en la blockchains de los miembros o el de la Fundación. 

Es fundamental para la sociedad la educación cultural y la ayuda social siempre ha sido parte de la vida de una figura pública, la Fundación tiene presente eso y les brinda una plataforma donde podrán promover sus proyectos sociales bajo la transparencias que brindan las tecnologías basadas en blockchain.

Este propuesta de proyecto que se presenta es por el conocimiento donde las problemáticas que presentan muchas industrias relacionadas a la sociedad, el Urbanismo y la cultura urbana se vuelven evidentes hasta para los fanáticos los cuales deberían ser los últimos en enterarse de dichas problemáticas dirían muchos.
Este modelo de Fundación humanista que busca verificar que la industria musical urbana y que el gremio que reconozca el aporte y el talento humano a través de generaciones.
Estos reconocimientos no tienen alguna  intención negativa ni busca ser asociados a proyectos similares existentes o los que están por venir, al contrario el proyecto es una propuesta basada en el espíritu con el que son creadas las soluciones blockchains y divisas digitales donde actualmente estos temas son comunes en la comunidad y la sociedad urbana.
Cuando los miembros y el sistema de votación tenga ya acceso por medio de una dapp, los contratos y billeteras podrán interactuar hacer las subastas y los intercambios de los NFTs. 

 Tokens airdrop se repartirán por medio de la Fundación que tendrán relación con servicios y productos intercambiables que también permitan el acceso a promociones. 

Me gustaría expresar que el talento, la cultura y las tradiciones de nuestras sociedades deben perdurar en el tiempo. Son un % muy pequeño de la humanidad las personas con capacidades y que emplean para entretener aquel enorme % que no posee ese tipo de talento.

Llegar a todo hogar y que tengan la opción de enterarse de la actualidad de la cultura urbana por medio de comunicadores certificados que brindarán información verificada por medio de los contratos y billeteras. 

Para honrar la memoria de los sistemas de referencias que han tenido éxitos en muchos otros proyectos blockchain se buscará implementar un % de recompensas por referencias de miembro y las transacciónes que realice.

Las certificaciones también tendrán varios tipos dependiendo del tipo de entretenimiento o profesional, en el caso de la producción de contenido que contiene una colaboración considerada internacional  deberán de ambos tener certificación, este tipo de certificación brindará a los profesionales internacionales beneficios y alianzas con la industria urbana.

Un aspecto de suma importancia para la Fundación es poder llevarle a las personas y lugares con difícil acceso espectáculos musicales y de entretenimiento de alta calidad que serán financiados por regalías, staking y varios fondos generados para ayuda social.

Los centros de entretenimiento en donde llega el producto al consumidor final se le reconocera el aporte que realizan a la industria y se les incorporan y tienen voz por medio del voto apoyar al crecimiento económico y social en donde los artistas y otros profesionales les brindarán una plataforma donde exponerse y promocionar el turismo urbano donde se les reconocera a los mejores.

elGENEROurbano reconocera el aporte de los bitcoiners que con sus aportes hacen una diferencia en la sociedad urbana.

La Fundación tiene claro aspectos de la cultura urbana que se tienen que reconocer y uno de estos es los productos a base de cáñamo primordialmente en la industria de la salud y la recreación.

Y si fuera necesario y posible la Fundación hasta puede reconocer el trabajo que hacen desarrolladores y conejitos blancos en la sociedad. Pero muy seriamente se busca reconocer aquellos proyectos blockchain que merezcan ser premiados.

Hablando sobre el funcionamiento y a que aspira la Fundación. El ser humano y la calidad de vida que dispone afecta la creatividad y el arte que desarrolla. Este aspecto es una problemática en la industria a la cual está dirigida la propuesta, la calidad de vida se ve reflejada en la calidad de arte y entretenimiento que llega al consumidor. Este formato que se propone busca ver reflejada la calidad de vida en la calidad de producción que se quiere llevar al mundo.
En la Fundación aspiramos poder coordinar con sectores de la industria una convención que reúna todas esas empresas, servicios y productos que consume la cultura urbana. 
Por unos días la Fundación espera reunir la industria para que miembros certificados tengan acceso de primera mano y a través de la Fundación poder tener alianzas que proporcionen a los profesionales contratos con las diferentes industrias que formarán parte de elGENEROurbano, sus miembros y sus proyectos sociales que la Fundación respaldará. 
Se busca darles a estas marcas una plataforma donde a través de los miembros certificados se puedan monetizar. Igualmente buscar que estos miembros apoyen las causas sociales de las marcas con las que se desarrollen contratos.
El ideal es que la convención sea el evento donde los profesionales presentan sus proyectos audiovisuales que buscarán ser reconocidos y a la vez presentar los proyectos más importantes que serán premiados gracias al voto democrático atravez de la dapp donde se llevarán a cabo las votaciones a través de sus billeteras y su firma.

Continuará...

La arquitectura de la dapp y sus funciones se pensaron para que sea de fácil uso sin embargo el sistema de votación pensado sera una referencia para otros proyectos similares.
Las apps son herramientas dirigidas a funciones específicas y evitan que dentro de la app las funciones generen confuciones de uso, por eso mantener el sistema de votación y demás funciones posean su propia dapp con la intención de que el miembro NFT certificado no se le complique el uso de la interfaz de usuario.
La dapp de votación sólo dispondrá el sistema de votos de las canciones o vídeos participantes en la colección. 
Otras dapp se encargarán de enlazar a los miembros y al público en general a los contratos de las billeteras. 
La Fundación recibe los proyectos que serán parte de las colecciones los cuales serán publicados y congelados los fondos que recaudan hasta pasar la premiación posteriormente los proyectos y lo que generen serán enviados a las billeteras de los artistas de forma automática donde ellos decidirán a cuales billeteras enviarán las regalías que generen durante el tiempo.
Esto quiere decir que a la Fundación le interesa que los derechos de autor sean devueltos a los profesionales sin embargo la Fundación les brindará opciones donde esos derechos sean donados en totalidad o parcial a la Fundación y sus proyectos sociales.

Si la colección a premiar es la de canción trap del año, los profesionales enviarán la canción a la Fundación para que sea publicada en la colección que el artista desea participar o también se tienen varias opciones donde el artista y la Fundación administran conjuntamente el contenido donde definirán aspectos como el valor del intercambio o si tiene o no reservas en las subastas o venta directa al público o a billeteras específicas. Se busca simplificar aspectos legales y de derechos por medio de contratos específicos estandar que sinplifique los trámites legales para asi evitar los gastos profesionales que requieren de abogados, también se busca la implementación de contratos inteligentes que agilicen acuerdos de confidencialidad y derechos de autor entre los miembros certificados, la Fundación y aquellas personas o empresas que interactúen con los contenidos.
Aunque el desarrollo lleve algun tiempo en ejecutarlo en su totalidad lo primordial para la Fundación es poder llevarle a la industria el sistema democrático y puedan los miembros certificados ejercer el voto para que el reconocimiento aquellos proyectos que lo merezcan sean otorgados por los mismos profesionales y artistas, que ciertamente son los que tienen el conocimiento, la experiencia y el criterio para definir quienes deben ser premiados por sus aportes a la industria.

Se buscará democratizar las opciones de monedas con las cuales podrán por medio de contratos  de la Fundación o incluso contratos con las entidades de intercambios para cubrir el costo de asquirir los NFTs con las distintas opciones que existen en las distintas  l
Blockchains.
La Fundación anima a los proyectos y desarrollos blockchains que consideren dar soporte a las causas sociales, culturales y profesionales con donaciones que por medio del voto se escogerán y presentarán públicamente. Es importante incorporar a los profesionales en blockchain y tecnologías de seguridad para que verifique que los procesos en los contratos y cadenas de bloques que realizan los miembros certificados en conjunto con la Fundación. 
La intención es trabajar bajo un sistema descentralizado que verificara las donaciones y la ayuda social en donde las regalías de las colecciones que se donen estarán en los libros contables para que las personas o instituciones puedan ver la transparencia de las transacciónes y vean donde y como se gastan los fondos donados.

La Fundación le habilitará una plataforma dapp donde les brindará la opción de poner a disposición la distribución de entradas certificadas en formato NFT a los eventos o conciertos que realizan para aquellos que la adquieran por medio de la Fundación les quede en sus billeteras el coleccionable de la entrada. 


COLECCIONES CONTENIDO DE información y divulgación 

El contenido de las colecciones para aquellos profesionales en comunicación que apoyan la Fundación será por medio de varios certificados NFTs que les brinda acceso a diversas actividades y privilegios.
Se adquieren estos certificados por medio de subastas, licitaciones, votos de los miembros certificados. Los miembros que quieran incluir un certificado de respaldo en el contenido que desarrollan fuera de la Fundación podrán hacerlo por medio de contratos en la dapp y podrán convertirlo en formato NFT para que los comunicadores y divulgadores de la industria miembros lo verifiquen y divulguen .  
Los comunicadores y divulgadores con conocimienro en los temas de las colecciones son parte fundamental para la Fundación. Se habilita un contrato donde un NFT específico le dará acceso a grabar y documentar al artista o profesional para generar contenido exclusivo para la Fundación.
Ese contenido funciona igualmente que los NFT musicales donde Se va premiar al mejor contenido desarrollado por comunicadores y divulgadores. 
Se va a proteger y promover el derecho al voto y  el derecho a la libre opinión en las colecciones que se desarrollen y no se busca degradar o desarrollar una plataforma que genere conflictos entre miembros para ello se tomarán medidas como dejar visible sólo cierta cantidad de miembros ganadores en las listas de las colecciones con la intención de no generar burla o conflictos emocionales que generan cualquier deporte o situación donde la competencia es la base del desarrollo NFT.
Los artistas que son visibles serán los que conforman los eventos principales en los distintos países y regiones.
Los miembros certificados NFT en la colecciones de discotecas, clubes nocturnos, eventos, conciertos o festivales tendrán el privilegio de participar en las subastas, licitaciones, ofertas, donaciones y otros privilegios que la Fundación realiza con el contenido de los artistas y los contratos inteligentes para ofrecer shows o presenciales presenciales  o digitales.  
Se les dará soporte a los miembros por medio de contratos para crear el contenido que necesitan en formato NFT y se les ayudará a promocionarlo.
La Fundación busca generar varios fondos de inversión para que en cada área de los profesionales que conforman la industria musical urbana y el entretenimiento se brinde donaciones específicas o sistema que ayuden a otros que no son miembros como los contratos que ofrecera el fondo de préstamos para que se formen nuevos profesionales.
Si uno de los miembros certificados por ejemplo quiere estudiar musica o cualquier persona que aplique a una beca se le brindará apoyo por medio del fondo desarrollado en blockchain como funcionan actualmente muchas instituciones de fondos para educación pero totalmente transparente y de acceso público basada en los sistemas contables que ofrecen las blockchains.

 #nft #blockchain 
NFT collection for nationals parks

Los proyectos que yo les presento son herramientas Blockchain que solucionan los problemas actuales que se presentan instituciones en su contabilidad y registros de datos. 
El este caso el problema radica en el control de lo recaudado de las entradas a nuestros parques nacionales e internacionales y los fondos que son donados a estas instituciones u organizaciones.
El sistema actual de donaciones se ve afectado únicamente por la desconfianza de quienes pueden donar porque no tienen idea de donde, para que y como fueron utilizados los fondos donados. Las donaciones podrían aumentar significativamente si el sistema de control de donaciones fuera descentralizado, transparente y público, como mínimo el donante debería tener acceso a esa información. 
El proponer este desarrollo de sistemas y herramientas de donaciones basadas en blockchain a través de una Fundación de carácter social que a través de estas tecnologías busca probar y aprobar estas nuevas soluciones  que se podrían aplicar globalmente.
El crear una dapp donde encontrarán colecciones de NFTs con las entradas a nuestros parques nacionales e internacionales y los contratos con toda la información que podrán adquirir a través de muchos sistemas de intercambios, una plataforma donde podrán registrar y coleccionar estos NFTs certificados los cuales servirán para que todo aquel que adquirió o no los NFTs observen las colecciones y las transferencias e intercambios que se hacen todos los días.
En la plataforma también encontrarán un sistema de donaciones donde los que quieran donar podrán hacerlo a través de adquirir un NFT que podría contener algún contenido audiovisual o no de la Fundación y que le brindará al donante la tranquilidad que aquello que donó va ser utilizado para lo que la colección de donacion fue creada.

Donación de NFTs de la Fundación (campeón del mundo u olímpico)
La Fundación tiene claro aspectos importantes de nuestras sociedades y quiere involucrar al deporte a nuestras colecciones. La colección de Campeones sera uno de los aportes que desea implementar la Fundación para así iniciar uno de los proyectos más importantes de registros de las capacidades y talentos humanos.. 

Continuará...














.











